README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-testing/workflows/ci/badge.svg)](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-testing/actions)
[![Docs status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/aiida-testing/badge)](http://aiida-testing.readthedocs.io/)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/aiida-testing.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/aiida-testing)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-testing/blob/main/LICENSE)

# aiida-testing

A pytest plugin to simplify testing of AiiDA plugins. This package implements two ways of running an AiiDA calculation in tests:
- `mock_code`: Implements a caching layer at the level of the executable called by an AiiDA calculation. This tests the input generation and output parsing, which is useful when testing calculation and parser plugins.
- `export_cache`: Implements an automatic export / import of the AiiDA database, to enable AiiDA - level caching in tests. This circumvents the input generation / output parsing, making it suitable for testing higher-level workflows. 

For more information, see the [documentation](http://aiida-testing.readthedocs.io/).

Commit message:

Archive cache fixtures (previously `export_cache`) (#67)
This adds two fixtures to enable workflow regression testing skipping
the nested calculation jobs in the workflows by using the caching mechanism
in combination with stored aiida archives

The AiiDA caching mechanism is monkeypatched in tests using either of
these two fixtures
to enable caching of the nodes stored in test archives across different
AiiDA versions and code nodes/computers

When test archives are not present (Names/Paths are specified in the arguments
of the fixtures) they will be created assuming the necessary codes are
installed/configured. If they are present they are migrated to the correct
archive version (if necessary; can be forbidden using the
`--archive-cache-forbid-migration`) in temporary directories
This migration is done in a temporary directory to not modify the test files if not asked for explicitly

The names of the fixtures and utility functions were changed to more accurately reflect their purpose and agree with the current terminology in aiida-core:

- `enable_archive_cache`: previously `with_export_cache`
- `create/load_node_archive`: previously `export_cache/load_cache`
- `liberal_hash`: `hash_node_by_entrypoint`

Also:
- removed `run_with_cache` fixture as it is the same as `enable_archive_cache` with only slightly different usage
- Added usage guide


Co-authored-by: janssenhenning <henning.janssen@gmx.net>
Co-authored-by: Jens Bröder <j.broeder@fz-juelich.de>
Co-authored-by: PhilippRue <p.ruessmann@fz-juelich.de>
Co-authored-by: Leopold Talirz <leopold.talirz@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-testing/workflows/ci/badge.svg)](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-testing/actions)
[![Docs status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/aiida-testing/badge)](http://aiida-testing.readthedocs.io/)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/aiida-testing.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/aiida-testing)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-testing/blob/main/LICENSE)

# aiida-testing

A pytest plugin to simplify testing of AiiDA plugins. This package implements two ways of running an AiiDA calculation in tests:
- `mock_code`: Implements a caching layer at the level of the executable called by an AiiDA calculation. This tests the input generation and output parsing, which is useful when testing calculation and parser plugins.
- `archive_cache`: Implements an automatic archive creation and loading, to enable AiiDA - level caching in tests. This circumvents the input generation / output parsing, making it suitable for testing higher-level workflows. 

For more information, see the [documentation](http://aiida-testing.readthedocs.io/).
